[Style guide] Grammar and Formatting (#9263)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/style-guide/grammar-and-formatting/footnotes.md

---
pcx_content_type: Concept
title: Footnotes
---

# Footnotes

Footnotes are useful when you want to provide additional context about an item but that context would greatly distract from the flow of reading through the document (legal disclaimers, pricing, etc.).

> We use https://littlefoot.js.org/, which helps us render fancy footnotes in context of what you're talking about (and also are much better for mobile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use https://littlefoot.js.org/, which helps us render fancy footnotes in context of what you are talking about (and also are much better for mobile).
```

> We use https://littlefoot.js.org/, which helps us render fancy footnotes in context of what you're talking about (and also are much better for mobile).

Reviewer: this may not be necessary to include

Author: Yeah I'm not sure either. Kody said it's fine to keep but I can check with others if it's essential. Maybe we'll keep it internal

> To implement footnotes, use standard [markdown footnote formatting](https://github.blog/changelog/2021-09-30-footnotes-now-supported-in-markdown-fields/). You can also see an example at https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/blob/production/content/load-balancing/understand-basics/health-details.md?plain=1#L17 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement footnotes, use standard [markdown footnote formatting](https://github.blog/changelog/2021-09-30-footnotes-now-supported-in-markdown-fields/). You can also see an example in the [Load Balancing documentation](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/blob/production/content/load-balancing/understand-basics/health-details.md?plain=1#L17)
```
